Is it the destination or the journey that’s more important? On the Rail-Away, the industrial crew have decided to offer both! As the age of steam has arrived to Faerûn and trains went from fantastical machines to every day occurrences, a series of railroads have emerged throughout the Sword Coast and beyond. The Rail-Away is one of many services now provided to transport people and cargo at much improved speeds. Under current management, new destinations and track has been added and the service of this train has been expanded year on year. With a service this long however, trips take multiple nights and so a full set of sleeper carts are provided, catering for all different kinds of clientele. The service you all will be taking today will be the train from Mirabar, the rich mining town at the northern-most reaches of Faerûn, down to Baldur's Gate. Making frequent stops along the sword coast, this has become a very popular route to take.

## What you need to do
Please prepare a **level 5 character**, any class or race (anything outside the PHB or multi-classing please let me know). You should have a rough story for what's bringing you from Mirabar to Baldur's Gate. Let me know what that is a few days before so I can prepare a way to bring in your character. We will start at the Mirabar station and work our way down over ideally a few days.
Everyone on this train will require a ticket to board and stay. Unless you tell me otherwise, I will assume your character has a ticket and is traveling in ~~peasant~~ second/standard class.